In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. 
当我对敌人了解到足以让我打败他，那个时候，我也爱他。《安德的游戏》


Love is the thing that we're capable of perceiving that transcends dimensio...
爱，是一种力量，可以让我们能够超越时空的维度来感知它的存在。《星际穿越》

You can't just sit there and wait for life to come to you. You have to go g...
你不能无所事事的坐等着一切发生，你必须得自己努力争取。《吸血鬼日记》


Humility is not thinking less of yourself but thinking of yourself less.
谦卑不是看轻自己，而是不仅为自己着想。(C.S. Lewis)

Forward! That is the battle cry.
勇往直前才是我的作战口号。《纸牌屋》


Whatever you do, just don't make any rash decisions.
无论你想做什么，千万不要贸然行事。《生活大爆炸》


I won't insult your intelligence by explaining it to you.
我就不给你解释了，省得说我侮辱你智商。《神探夏洛克》

Life never stops pushing forward. Stay focused and never slow down with reg...
生活从来都不会停止向前，保持专注，别因为后悔而放慢脚步。


The greatest risk in life is to risk nothing.
人生中最大的风险是过没有任何风险的生活。



Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
好运不过是坚持不懈的结果。(Ralph Waldo Emerson)


Laughter is timeless, imagination has no age, and dreams are forever.
笑容永不过时，想象力不分年龄，梦想永不终结。(Walt Disney)


Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
领袖和跟风者的区别就在于创新。(Steve Jobs)

All the beautiful sentiments in the world weigh less than a single lovely a...
世间所有美丽的情感抵不过一次实际行动。(James Russell Lowell)


A life with love will have some thorns, but a life without love will have n...
有爱的人生会有荆棘，但没有爱的人生将没有玫瑰。


You will never have what you like until you learn to like what you have.
要得到你喜欢的东西，应先学会喜欢你已有的东西。(歌德)

Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss. But every once...
有些人会渐露平庸，有些人会小有所成，还有人会出类拔萃，但偶尔才会遇上一个光彩夺目的人，当你真正遇到，...




Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've d...
快乐不代表一切都很完美，它意味着你决定去忽略那些不完美。

Destiny is not a matter of chance. It's a matter of choice.
命运不在于机会，而在于选择。(William Jennings Bryan)


The brave may not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all.
勇气也许不能所向披靡，但胆怯根本无济于事。《公主日记》


As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what m...
人生就像故事：不在于有多长，而在于有多精彩，这才是最重要的。(Seneca，古罗马政治家、哲学家)




Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
领袖和跟风者的区别就在于创新。(Steve Jobs)


A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
成功者是坚持梦想不放弃的人。(Nelson Mandela)



A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessa...
母亲不是赖以依靠的人，而是让你有能力不依靠的人。(Dorothy Canfield Fisher)

We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once...
每一个不曾起舞的日子，都是对生命的辜负。(尼采)


You can't reach for anything new, if your hands are still full of yesterday...
如果你的双手仍被昨天的垃圾占据，你就无法获得任何新鲜的东西。


Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
只要你想得到，只要你相信，就一定能做到！(拿破仑)